HTTPS can use TLS/TCP or QUIC, for example (#1416)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

The following examples of Endpoints show common usage patterns.

> Specify a Remote Endpoint using a hostname and service name (since `WithProtocol` is not used, it is up to the Transport Services system to choose, e.g., TLS/TCP or QUIC underneath):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a Remote Endpoint using a hostname and service name (since `WithProtocol` is not used, it is up to the Transport Services system to choose which sets of protocols to use, e.g., TLS/TCP or QUIC):
```

> Specify a Remote Endpoint using a hostname and service name (since `WithProtocol` is not used, the Transport Services system chooses which sets of protocols to use, e.g., TLS/TCP or QUIC):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a Remote Endpoint using a hostname "example.com" and a service name "https", which tells the system to use the default port for HTTPS (443):
```
